Outline:
The goal of this project will be to determine a design space in which a LiF
based, single fluid, molten salt reactor could opperate. The parametric 
variables will primarily be the pin-pitch of the Zirconium-Hydride moderator
rods, the fraction of core volume which the un-moderated upper-plenum 
occupies, and the feed rate of new fuel. The variable to be optimized will be
the final burnup off all fed fuel with a target goal of 98%.
Methods:
The Monte-Carlo code SERPENT will be employed both for criticality evaluation,
a non-negotiable in the design space ( the reactor must be critical ) as well
as burnup evaluation. For the proper modelling of the burnup evolution a
modified form of the SERPENT code will be used in which Dr. Aufiero has 
provided modified source code files to enable SERPENT to properly account
for the continuos refueling and reprocessing that occurs in a molten salt
reactor of this type. 
Assumptions:
We assume a right-cylindrical core barrel composed of Hastelloy-N at a thickness
of 5cm with a height to diameter ratio of 0.9. Reactor thermal power is taken to
be 1250MWth. The Zirconium-Hydride is taken to be be ZrH1.6 and it assumed
to be clad with a 4.4um 316ss clad, again, clad with a 4.1um layer of
molybedum followed, again, by a tertiary clad of 4.1um of Hastelloy-N. The totalvolume occupied by all non-fuel in the core is taken to be 50% of the total
volume.  The
Hastelloy-N alloy employed will be an experimental variety commonly reffered to
as Hastelloy-N-modified, it replaces much of its molybedum content with titanium
and niobium. Furthermore for the salt properties we assume a simple mixture model
for density ( this allows us to ignore inter-consituent affects on density, 
which, in molten salts, tend to be small anyway ) and we assume surrogate
salts in place of actinide salts where data is scarce or non-available. We assume.
Additionally we assume a simple mixture model for all other salt properties
where data for the multi-component salt is non-avialble. The salt will LiF with
varraying mol percents of UF3 and AcF3 disolved with the AcF3 content to to
exceed 0.27 mol percent; though, should data surface indicating a high 
solubility of actinides in LiF, this assumption may be loosened.
A feed composition equal to the REBUS sample from the GKN Unit II reactor used
in the SCALE 5.1 V&V report by Radulescu et al. will be assumed. This fuel was standard PWR UO2
fuel enriched to 3.8wt% U-235 and burned for 54 GWD/MTU. In the reprocessing
scheme hellium bubble sparging is assumed to remove all gaseous fission
products and noble metals on a 4 second time scale ( roughly the core
circulation time ). The larger scale reprocessing scheme will largely be
modeled after ORNL's MSBR scheme sans Pa seperation. The inlet temperature
for the salt is assumed to be 600 degrees Celcius with an outlet temperature
of 650 degrees Celcius. The second derviative in temperature with respect to
space will be assumed to be sinusoidal peaked at the center of the core and
going to zero at the ends. Finally, it is assumed that after 40 years the plant
is retired and the remaining fuel salt discharged.
Deliverables: 
Ultimately, a range of design parameters, pin-pitch, plenum size, and feed rate,
that will provide for 98% burnup in a 40yr lifetime.
